docs: note vle is not supported with aws snapstart (#27329)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/aws/lambda-extension.mdx

expired (including a grace window), and it will attempt to renew its token if the
token is nearly expired but renewable.

> ~> **Note**: The Vault Lambda Extension is currently not supported with
> [AWS SnapStart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart.html).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Not SnapStart compatible">

  The Vault Lambda extension does not currently  work with
  [AWS SnapStart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart.html).

</Note>

```
